Lesnar was on sportscenter this week his
part of espn's coverage of SummerSlam
which is huge for them I mean I I still
remember an interview that D'Lo Brown
did back during the Attitude Era with
some magazine it may have been WWF
magazine and why I remember this don't
even ask me but he said one day he would
like he would love to see ESPN covering
pro wrestling like they do other sports
that was like one of his dreams as a pro
wrestler I would love to see ESPN
covering us the way they cover baseball
and basketball and football and all
these other sports and here we are 15
years later and it's actually happening
I mean at least for this weekend maybe
maybe not next weekend but for this
weekend they're covering this like a
real sport you look at some of these
segments on the website on TV it's it's
amazing I never thought I would see the
day Brock came out for an interview on
Sports Center the best part about this
he did the full Brock entrance he walks
out he's bouncing back and forth throws
his arms up in the air I was a little
disappointed no pyro what his arms came
down but what are you gonna do they
asked him about the Dana White tweets
where Dana White called wrestling fake
and wrestling fans lost all control of
their motor functions I was attacked for
what I tweeted which I didn't think was
anything offensive you know when this
whole thing happened I couldn't believe
that people were making that big of a
deal about it it was it was a Twitter
reply you would think that Dana White
went on like a random twitter tirade
about pro wrestling which he didn't do
and all i said was listen it's not a big
deal and you know hey by the way the
Easter Bunny isn't real either people
lost their shit other people freaked out
over Dana's comments to Seth Rollins
tweeted about it bully ray said are you
Dana White should apologize for his
comments and and their wrestlers okay
there in the middle of it they're more
entitled you know more than entitled to
feel the way that they feel about it if
they so choose okay i bring this up
though because Lesnar was asked about it
and he said and I quote well of course
it's fake everybody knows that that's a
Brock Lesnar said no reaction no
reaction where were those same people
who tweeted it Dana White where was
Rollins where was bully ray and Taz and
all the other people all these people
who were offended by what Dana White
said it's only two explanations i can
come up with four people silence on this
one to them it's fine for people in the
wrestling business to say something like
that but it's not okay for somebody
outside the wrestling business to use
that word and say something like that or
the only other explanation I can come up
with and this is the one I'm leaning
toward it's Brock Lesnar who said it and
these people want to have a high life
expectancy and wisely they kept a mouth
shut that's the one that I'm going to go
with Brock did say he thinks Vince
McMahon is a better promoter than Dana
White and he said some other stuff but
he used the dreaded F word and not a
peep not a peep from anybody which is
great because like with Dana him saying
it it's not a big deal I didn't freak
out Brock use the word so what it's not
a big deal wasn't a big deal then it's
not a big deal now so I'm cool with the
fact that this seems to have just gone
over everybody's heads I'm not saying
people should have made a big deal of
that and other than the fact that it
makes them look like a hypocrite people
can be awfully selective about the
things they get upset about we have
saffron